Trellix Endpoint Security HX Connector (#1695)
opencybersecurityalliance/stix-shifter: stix_shifter_modules/trellix_endpoint_security_hx/README.md

status  {search id}

#### STIX Transmit Results

transmit
trellix_endpoint_security_hx
"{\"host\":\"1.2.3.4\",\"port\":123,\"selfSignedCert\":\"cert\",\"options\":{\"host_sets\":\"host_set1,host_set2\"}}"
"{\"auth\":{\"username\":\"xxx\",\"password\":  \"yyyy\"}}"
results  {search id}

#### STIX Translate Results

translate
trellix_endpoint_security_hx
results
"{\"type\": \"identity\", \"id\": \"identity--f431f809-377b-45e0-aa1c-6a4751cae5ff\", 
\"name\": \"trellix_endpoint_security_hx\", \"identity_class\": \"events\", \"created\": \"2023-05-30T00:00:50.336Z\", 
\"modified\": \"2024-05-30T00:01:50.336Z\"}"
"{transmit result response}" "{\"host_sets\": \"host_set1,host_set2\"}"

### Recommendations

- Use multiple host sets in the input to fetch records from more than 1000 hosts.
- Progress threshold input parameter depends on the number of hosts in the host set that responds to the server. 
  The default value of this parameter in the connector is set to 50. This value can be updated based on the number 
  of hosts that responds.

### Limitations

- A maximum of 25 conditions using AND operator can be specified. Exception will be raised if more than 25 conditions 

>   are specified

Reviewer: Is there an error message the user will receive for this scenario?

Author: the user will receive below message for this scenario
{
    "success": false,
    "connector": "trellix_endpoint_security_hx",
    "error": "trellix_endpoint_security_hx connector error => The maximum number of search terms is 25",
    "code": "invalid_query"
}

- Based on the concurrent search limit of the data source, the concurrent search limit of the connector should be 

>   less than or equal to the data source. 

Reviewer: Is there an error message the user will receive for this scenario?

Author: User will receive the below error for this scenario, 
{
"success": false,
"connector": "trellix_endpoint_security_hx",
"error": "trellix_endpoint_security_hx connector error => Exceeded limit on existing searches",
"code": "service_unavailable"
}

Reviewer: This should be more specific about what limits are causing it to fail if the user hits it. They should know exactly why it is failing without needing to dig for an answer.

Author: The error message is updated as follows:  The total search limit - {limit number} is reached. Delete an existing search to create a new one.

- A maximum of 15 searches only can be created in data source. In order to create more searches, the existing 

>   search ids created needs to be deleted.

Reviewer: Is there an error message the user will receive for this scenario?

Author: User will receive the below error for this scenario
{
    "success": false,
    "connector": "trellix_endpoint_security_hx",
    "error": "trellix_endpoint_security_hx connector error => Exceeded limit on existing searches",
    "code": "service_unavailable"
}

Reviewer: This should be more specific about what the max is if the user hits it. They should know exactly why it is failing without needing to dig for an answer.

Author: Detailed message related to number of max limit hits has been added to the message.   Error Message : The total search limit - {limit number}  is reached. Delete an existing search to create a new one

> - As per datasource limitation, If a host set containing more than 1000 hosts, the 1000 hosts that responds first
>   will be returned in response. Configure multiple host sets in the datasource to fetch records from more than 1000 hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As per the FireEye data source limitation, if a host set contains more than 1000 hosts, the 1000 hosts that respond first will be returned in the response. To avoid this scenario, configure multiple host sets in the data source to fetch the records from more than 1000 hosts.
```

Author: updated as per suggestion
